Welcome back all today we're going to go ahead and start talking about the Querrey parameters.
Now they go into the address bar as well.
You've seen them before that I assure you.
Maybe you have not noticed them but if you have used any of the search engines out there you will have
noticed that there you will have seen that there are clearly parameters and you might have not noticed
them.
So if I open up the browser and if I just go ahead and type something in it in the browser it's in the
search engine just I don't know what ever you will see.
Up here it says search and then a question mark after the search and then the then the parameters begin.
First of all you have the query whatever.
And I had to have the encoding and honestly.
OK.
Client is Firefox.
That's my browser and I have no idea what these other are.
Well the person who created it knows what the he'll are part of me anyway.
Those are the query parameters and based upon those query parameters you can determine how many how
many For example how many listings would you like to have per a page.
So I don't have a lot of listings here maybe 10 or something like that.
But if you alter the parameters you can have maybe 50 or 100 or something like that.
Same goes with pretty much any Web site out there.
It functions in pretty much the same way.
So they don't they do not alter or affect the routes but they do affect the data with it.
They can affect the data within the within the components.
And how the components are displayed.
So if you want to as I said if you want to have ten results per page or 50 results or something like
that once you change your settings your query route parameters with your query parameters will actually
change as well.
You can put a lot of things in the query parameters say what's what names will be displayed.
How will it depending on your settings.
How will it how will how will the settings reflect the site etc..
So let us go ahead and begin the first thing.
The first thing that you need to do is create a transaction folder.
So like this you have it from the previous tutorial.
So just in the in the transaction folder just realize that in the transaction folder you need to go
ahead and create all these files.
I couldn't go ahead and create one by one with me.
Or you can as I explain them we can just go ahead and create all of the ones that are actually green
here and then we can implement then we can populated them with code together.
So either way but you will need all of these.
The first one that we will do here is transaction route start.
Yes.
So that's the that's the one that I have opened here so it is very similar to accounts that route start
ups here we will simply define the route for transactions for transaction and it's sub routes.
That's really it.
There's very little there's very little new material here.
So this is just for this is just another basically just another set of routes for each other component.
So the first one router config.
Basically this is needed for the creation of the transaction and
you will there is the critical data transaction at Tartaros Tertius fake
expert.
It's rather comfy.
OK.
So anyway I just looked at my notes and something was really confusing anyway.
Discreate component here it should not be confused with the Create component and it's actually create
that component that should not be confused with the one in the accounts.
So here we have create our component data.
Yes it has nothing to do with that one.
It has the same name.
True but it has nothing to do with that one.
Actually we will create the create our component here.
So right here it will actually be created
and
we need to basically just moved is well know.
Right.
Anyway there's no need to do anything with it except if you for example have a wrong path here.
You need to have this path so it cannot lead and it cannot go from anywhere else so the doc states that
it begins from the from the current directory.
So from transactions and it is going straight to the Create art component so it is going to be looking
for the Create art component within the transactions within the transaction folder.
So it is necessary for it to be there.
Otherwise if you go from Ruge this is going to be problematic anyway.
The first one router config but this is just needed for the configuration of routes and the transaction
component.
This is basically our parent component inside of which inside of which instead of which we will have
the computer we will have these SoBo routes of our of our components basically all the components listed
down below.
So we'll have the some routes and some routes are basically the child routes.
They have children here and then you create some routes anyway.
We will go ahead and create the variable so routes and going go ahead and export it so we can utilize
it elsewhere.
And we will make it a contest in order to state that no further change will be done or no further changes
will be possible.
Now below you have a bath which is basically just transactions that is the main route and the component
it is shown with that main route is transaction component down below it's we have the children routes
the the routes where you wish to refer to them all routes and here you have a path which is basically
create and then you have a component which is to be shown and it is create component which we have imported
from here.
And do you go to this child route.
It will be where you are rail will look something like this those last transactions slash create.
If you just go to transactions Well you just eliminate the Create and you get transactions that's pretty
much it.
In that regard nothing much new stuff here in general.
Next up we need to go into the app routes.
So right here at Prout's dot D.S. and there isn't there isn't much new here either.
So this we're just going to basically import raw import routes and they will be imported as transaction
routes.
That is how they will be referred to here.
And that is how they are referred to down below.
So we have added this line here and here we will use the spread operator once again the triple dot.
All it does is takes this array takes all of its elements and puts all of its elements into this array.
Basically simple as that.
So these are just transaction routes so just you see this second line here of the array.
And once you import things from huge is going to get another one like that and another one like that
and another one like that etc..
So we're just importing the routes and nothing else really.
Next up is the transaction dot computer and Altius.
So you just find that transaction component that D.S. here.
It's yes this is a new this is a new file but we haven't done anything new here.
So we've imported the router directors because we're going to need them for the router outlets which
we're going to use in our HD Malko just specify the template you Arel which is the transaction that
component at HD M-L that is another file which you actually need to make.
And you also need a class down here you can just leave it empty.
If you go to the component that HD M-L this will be this year will be shown regardless of the sub routes
or just head to transactions and you have the router outlet where the where the component where the
content of the components will be placed and then displayed in regard to.
With respect to the sub routes that are requested.
So keep that in mind.
Anyway good to bid you farewell here and we shall see each other in the follow tutorial.